docs: Improve nrfcloud logging docs (#11401)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service/README.rst

   :depth: 2

This sample is a minimal, error tolerant, integrated demonstration of the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud`, :ref:`lib_location`, and :ref:`lib_at_host` libraries.

> It demonstrates how you can use these libraries together to support Firmware-Over-The-Air (FOTA), Location Services, Alert and Log Services, transmit periodic sensor samples, and more in your `nRF Cloud`_-enabled application.

Reviewer: nit: `transmission of periodic sensor samples` or `periodic sensor sampling`

Reviewer: However, the sentence as a whole could probably be made less awkward:

> It demonstrates how you can integrate Firmware-Over-The-Air (FOTA), Location Services, Alert and Log Services, periodic sensor sampling, and more into your `nRF Cloud`_-enabled application.

Author: Awkward?  Little o' me?  Ha ha.

* Transmission of sensor and GNSS location samples to the nRF Cloud portal as `nRF Cloud device messages <nRF Cloud Device Messages_>`_.
* Construction of valid `nRF Cloud device messages <nRF Cloud Device Messages_>`_ using `cJSON`_.
* Minimal LED status indication using the `Zephyr LED API`_.

> * Transmission of an alert on sample startup, using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_alert` library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Transmission of an alert on sample startup using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_alert` library.
```

* Transmission of sensor and GNSS location samples to the nRF Cloud portal as `nRF Cloud device messages <nRF Cloud Device Messages_>`_.
* Construction of valid `nRF Cloud device messages <nRF Cloud Device Messages_>`_ using `cJSON`_.
* Minimal LED status indication using the `Zephyr LED API`_.

> * Sends an alert using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_alert` library when the sample starts and again whenever the temperature limit is exceeded.
> * Optionally sends logging messages to the cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Transmission of an alert on sample startup, using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_alert` library.
* Transmission of additional alerts, whenever a specified temperature limit is exceeded.
* Optional transmission of log messages to the cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library.
```

See also :ref:`the paragraphs on the Wi-Fi location tracking method <nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service_wifi_location_tracking>`.

Building with nRF Cloud logging support
=======================================

> To enable `Zephyr Logging`_ to nRF Cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library, add the following parameter to your build command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable transmission of `logs <Zephyr Logging_>`_ to nRF Cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library, add the following parameter to your build command:
```

``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay_nrfcloud_logging.conf``

> This overlay allows the sample and various subsystems that have logging enabled to send their logs to nRF Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This overlay enables transmission of `logs <Zephyr Logging_>`_ to nRF Cloud.
```

Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_LOG_OUTPUT_LEVEL` option to the log level of messages to send to nRF Cloud, such as ``4`` for debug log messages.

> Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_REST_DEVICE_MESSAGE_SAMPLE_LOG_LEVEL_DBG` option so that log messages are generated on each button press.

Reviewer: I think this line was included by mistake

> By default, the overlay sends log messages to the cloud in JSON format.

Reviewer: Is this true?

Author: I changed the nrfcloud log overlay in this PR from binary to JSON mode.

But the overlay is not used by default.  Is that what you thought I meant?

See also :ref:`the paragraphs on the Wi-Fi location tracking method <nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service_wifi_location_tracking>`.

Building with nRF Cloud logging support
=======================================

To enable transmission of `logs <Zephyr Logging_>`_ to nRF Cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library, add the following parameter to your build command:

``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay_nrfcloud_logging.conf``

This overlay enables transmission of `logs <Zephyr Logging_>`_ to nRF Cloud.

> Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_LOG_OUTPUT_LEVEL` option to the log level of messages to send to nRF Cloud, such as ``4`` for debug log messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_LOG_OUTPUT_LEVEL` Kconfig option to the log level of messages to send to nRF Cloud, such as ``4`` for debug log messages.
```

> The overlay selects the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOG_BACKEND_NRF_CLOUD_OUTPUT_TEXT` option which enables log messages in JSON format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The overlay selects the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOG_BACKEND_NRF_CLOUD_OUTPUT_TEXT` Kconfig option that enables log messages in JSON format.
```

You can read JSON log messages in real-time in the nRF Cloud user interface.
However, because JSON logs are large, you may want to edit the overlay file to change to using dictionary logging.

> To do so, deselect the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOG_BACKEND_NRF_CLOUD_OUTPUT_TEXT` option and select the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOG_BACKEND_NRF_CLOUD_OUTPUT_DICTIONARY` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deselect the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOG_BACKEND_NRF_CLOUD_OUTPUT_TEXT` Kconfig option and select :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOG_BACKEND_NRF_CLOUD_OUTPUT_DICTIONARY` instead.
```
